作者:ninjadoodle

“一直点到你抓狂”系列又出新篇，一个小小的播放按钮，能让作者有这么多的灵感，玩出这么多的花样，真是令人佩服。操作方法还是一样，鼠标操作。难度方面，反正小编在第二关就被卡死了-_-|||没办法，英语不好的同学请赶快去辅导英语，智商不好的同学请快去吃脑白金，逻辑思维有问题的，那就快去玩玩其他几部吧！进来开始抓狂吧~注意每关上方的提示下面是英文版攻略，供各位参考：1. Pull down the zip on the jacket.2. They’re yellow, they live in Springfield, they’re Homer and Marge.（谁能告诉我这是怎么个意思？）3. Click on the cats showing items/things that cat’s don’t like (water, dog and vacuum Cleaner).4. Read the clue as if it were turned 180 degrees (5707).5. Click on the bulb which pulses (upper left corner). Watch the bulbs eyes as it looks in the direction of the next bulb you should click.6. They’re ready for adventure and they are, Finn and Jake.7. Follow anything that is red and resembles an arrow. 1st room – follow the gnomes hat . 2nd – click the box to reveal a red arrow. 3rd – NEWS stands for compass directions and S is red. 4th follow the sleeping guys hat. 5th – click the arrows until you find a red one. 6th – click all the red pieces to make an arrow. 7th – follow the birds beak. 8th – Click the arrow twice until it’s red again. The full sequence is - up, right, down, right, up, up, left, left.8. The symbols are just mirror images layered over themselves (1524).9. Hold on the clock to make the alarm go off. Pull the worm up and click on his key. Click on the chest to unlock it, the drag one of the cloths to the monocle to clean it.10. They live on Sesame Street and the are Bert and Ernie.11. Put the story in order. Click the 2nd panel 3 times. Click the 3rd panel 1 time. Click the 4th panel 2 times.12. Count the dots on the dice, which you either can/can’t see depending on the eye symbol (9766).13. Memory time! Click the ninjas in the order they appear.14. An ogre with a donkey, it’s Shrek and Donkey.15. Click the arrows to make them fly off the screen. You have one extra move which you will have to use as one of the arrows will become blocked and you will need to move it to remove the rest.16. Click the creased corners to reveal some numbers, then read the in the order indicated in the clue (1374).17. The stripes reflect the length of the girl’s names.18. They solve mysteries and they are Shaggy and Scooby.19. Pick up on coloured person at a time, taking them to the bank of their colour.20. Read the abbreviated months backwards and follow the arrow (2896). → 微信公众号：有意思吧，可通过意念关注 ← 
